Well I can do this module.
Over the last modules you get a brief introduction to the three most popular and important and modern
javascript frameworks you can learn as of today annular react and UJA us.
Now you might already have a feeling about which framework you like the most.
Which module did you enjoy the most.
Did you enjoy learning re-act you liked that javascript only approach did you enjoy the chance did you
like the way it works with the DOM with templates how you have a clear separation between HDMI and Javascript.
Or did you like angular with typescript of all these nice features with his approach of really having
a framework giving you a whole new way of working with the ball and Javascript now in does Marchal.
I'll try to give you some hints about what you might have a look at to decide which RENNEBERG you want
to dive deeper which framework you want to focus learning on and which framework gives you the best
opportunities in the future.
So lets have a look at this comparison.